Now does all the nice practice for you.
You can post the video here and try positioning these two buttons next to Java on your own.
Only did two buttons not the input into two buttons but these two buttons should be in a new line below
the input but then sit next to each other.
After a short pause which you can use to pass the video we'll of course do that together.
So where are you successful.
Let's try it together.
The key here is to use flex box and our view because again as I mentioned earlier and as is really important
there is stand view components are your core component for organizing our components or for being used
as a container which you can also style.
But here in this case to organize other components so I'll move the two buttons instead of that view.
And now we can assign a style to that view and that style of course will be defined here in our style
object in all named as Button container.
This is up to you does name and in there I want to set a flex direction of row to have him sit next
to each other and then I'll set justify content of space between to have the free space between the
two buttons.
Now let's add to stall here too that view styles button container and safeties and now here are the
buttons but to have the free space have an effect here which will be even clearer on Android by the
way that it's currently not having any effect.
So that space between us not having any effect.
Let me quickly show it is on Android.
You see it.
There is no free space.
The reason for that simply is that we have no width assigned to our button container and therefore has
learned.
It only takes the width of the children.
And that is simply the width of the two buttons.
Add it together.
Hence there is no free space to add in between.
So we have some free space in between we simply need to assign a with to the button container.
And now Dad width is of course up to you since the input has 80 percent.
We could go with 80 percent here as well or maybe with 60 percent to have it a little bit more narrow
Dendi input above so that the buttons do not sit on the edges of the input but that's of course up to
you.
And they are for now with Dad if this reloads and we have a look at this on Android.
By using this convenient way of closing it and restarting it now we should see some free space between
these two buttons.
Yeah that's looking good.
And of course you can play around with that.
You could also alternatively of course add styles to the buttons.
You can add style props here too and add a margin on the left and right of each button that would have
work too.
You can also play around with our values here like space around to have the free space to the left and
right of the buttons and not just between them.
These are all things you can do I'll go with space around here and have a final look at this.
But ultimately that's of course simply something that's up to you.
Important here is of course that you understand how you can achieve something with the help of a view
which you wrap around your buttons and flex Buxton.
And with that I'd say we have a decent look here.
Now one last thing really last thing which I also want to do is resize these buttons because they're
not equally sized and I think it would look a bit nicer if they had the same size.
Now on a button you can't add a style prop and set the with no matter if you're using inline styles
or the stylus sheet object instead.
And that's something you have to know which is why I'm covering it here.
You have to wrap your button into a separate view like I'm doing it here and then give that view a button
for example here we could add styles button referring to a button property down there to each view and
there on this button property which I'm now adding you could add a width of let's say 40 percent and
that will be 40 percent off the parent of that view.
So 40 percent of that button container view which itself takes 60 percent of the entire available width
and we can do this on the upper button as well of course.
So that's just something you have to know if you add your surrounding views here around your buttons.
Now with that if we again restart Android we should have buttons that are equally sized which of course
often something you want.
Of course you could have also used pixel value here instead of percentage values but now with that I'm
really happy.
I think that's now rehab that's looking good behaving good.
And yet it's a good start with react native.
Now obviously there is so much more we can learn and we will dive into so much more we can do regarding
the styling because as already mentioned does is certainly not the most beautiful app you ever built
but we covered a lot of important fundamentals here.